hey how's it going guys I'm Simon yogurt
in this video I'm going to show you guys
how to install a custom recovery on your
moto G file generation or second
generation now before proceeding any
further please ensure that you unlock
the bootloader of your moto G for a
generation or second generation also you
need to have the latest Motorola drivers
installed on a PC so for that you can
install the Motorola device manager with
the link for which is in the description
below don't forget to take a backup of
your moto G before proceeding any
further as there is a chance that you
may lose your data please check out the
frequently asked questions in the
description before asking me any
questions in the comments with a ok so
let's get started because first you need
to head over to the links in the
description and download two files the
first one is the platform tools zip file
which is compulsory for both moto G for
generation as well as second generation
then the second thing you need to
download is the twip custom recovery for
Moto G for generation and second
generation now the one I am showing on
my screen is for 4 generation moto G but
I've also included the link for the
second generation moto G in the
description so you can just check out
the description for the links to the
question recovery and download the
latest custom recovery image file so
after you've downloaded both the files
you see these two files the person is
the platinum two zip file and the second
one is the TW RT custom recovery for
your model of moto G
now on your moto G head over to the
settings then go to about phone and
click on the bid number a few times to
enable developer mode now go back and
get into developer options and enable
USB debugging so just check USB
debugging now it's already enabled on
mine but you need to enable it in yours
so just check it and now power up your
device
now we need to get into the bootloader
mode so for that you need to press the
volume down key and the power key
simultaneously for a few seconds
location now here we are in the
bootloader mode now just connect your
Moto G to your PC now on a PC you press
Start the platform to zip file it is
downloaded and we will see this folder
and these are the files that will
present in that folder now we need to
copy the custom recovery image file and
paste it in the platform tools folder
which we just extracted and now remedy
name it to recovery dot IMG it should
not be named anything else it should
just be recovery dot IMG for the method
to us
now to install custom recovery double
click on the install recovery dot bat
file so in just a second it will install
custom recovery on your moto G as we
said as install now you can disconnect a
moto G so we have successfully install
it now to get into the good custom
recovery
just press the volume down key and then
the volume up key to select recovery ok
so we have successfully installed
twip custom recovery so that's it if you
wish to do to your moto G file
generation a second generation you can
click click on the link right here from
a video tutorial to tooth moto G also if
you wish to install the channels and
more 12.1 on your moto G file generation
and second generation you can click on
the second link thanks for watching my
video do like this video and comment
below don't forget to subscribe to my
channel for more food stuff how-to
videos tutorials reviews and much more
cool stuff
till then stay connected bye